yo guys what's up is Steve out here and
today we're gonna be talking about how
to unrushed your Town Hall so a lot of
people have rushed their town halls in
clash clans they went from town 1 to
townhall 10 very very fast with gems and
I know it's really tempting to upgrade
every single Town Hall at a time and
just go forward those Inferno towers and
unlock all those cool things that you
can unlock it down aisle 10 but it's
really not worth it and in this video
I'm going to show you how to prevent it
and how to go about unrushed your Town
Hall so the first way to recover your
clash clients account is to put your
Town Hall on the outside now this might
sound a little bit sketchy but this is
because you can protect your loot in
inside of the base without having to
worry about the Town Hall being
protected inside and we can just put it
outside as well as we can get a shield
and we won't get attacked and people
will still less of our loot so this is
something really good especially if you
have something like level 2 cannons and
you have a Town Hall 10 and you just
want gold to upgrade those and to get
everything to the same level you can
just put the Town Hall on the outside
and just worry about loot and just farm
all day and that brings me to my second
way to 1 rush your Town Hall is to use
one singular army comp and that would be
Barch which is archers and barbarians
now this is the cheapest army comp in
the entire game and from this army
composition you can pick off goals from
gold mines and elixir from elixir
collectors very easily with dead basis
and that bases are basically bases that
have not been used in a very long time
or the defender has not been logging on
on their base and all of the gold and
elixirs just stored up in the elixir
collectors and all you have to do just
drop a few troops on the outside and not
worry about that 50% because you are not
trophy pushing and your number-one
priority is getting your base up to
normal the third tip is to focus on
upgrading your troops before you're
upgrading your cannons or Tesla's
because if you don't have the correct
level troops and you can attack very
good bases and you're going to lose
pretty much every single attack as the
Town Hall 10 I recommend being in gold 1
or crystal 3 to farm for loot and as a
townhall 9 and recommend the same exact
thing and as well as a Town Hall 8 but
for the tango sevens and town all sixes
I'd probably recommend
silver or high bronze to actually farm
for loot and sometimes bronze is a
really really really under level but you
can go for the sub 200 loot which is
really nice as well the fourth tip is to
max out your defenses before you go to
the next town hall and this is for
people who are townhall 8 or town home
line and they're really thinking about
going to townhall 10 and that's a very
very bad idea max out your defenses
before going to Town Hall tap and
obviously to do that you need really
good troops so rule number 4 goes
subsequently after rule number 3 and
this is one of those tips that you just
can't skip out on and it's one of the
keys to maxing out your townhall the
fifth and final tip is to get all of
your builder's huts and have them
working at all the same time you want to
have pretty much every single bullets
working or building something at the
same time except for one and that one
would be for upgrading your walls so if
you guys haven't already jammed up your
builder shots be sure to do that and
just work on each single building as
many as you can at a time and just try
to get them to max so their apps on the
video tell me what you guys think any
comment section down below if you guys
enjoyed please be sure to rate comment
subscribe and if you guys want more free
gems it'll be the first link down the
description below anyways I'll see you
guys in the next one peace on the rail
homie on the ground tell me how you feel
everything I spit is gone I got a Grail
let you people talking about I tell out
once I got a dam still me on my same
only difference we
Hel's we live